[META] Contributing Guide Revamp (#24705)
facebook/react-native: CONTRIBUTING.md

[gfi]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native/labels/good%20first%20issue
[docs-prs]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native-website/pulls
[pr-no-test-plan]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+-label%3A%22PR%3A+Includes+Test+Plan%22+
<!-- END: Ways to Contribute -->

### Our Development Process

Most changes from engineers at Facebook will sync to [GitHub][facebook/react-native] through a bridge with Facebook's internal source control. Changes from the community are handled through GitHub pull requests. Once a change made on GitHub is approved, it will first be imported into Facebook's internal source control. The change will eventually sync back to GitHub as a single commit once it has passed Facebook's internal tests.

[facebook/react-native]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native
<!-- END: Development Process -->

### Repositories
The main repository, <https://github.com/facebook/react-native>, contains the core React Native framework, and it is here where we keep track of bug reports and manage pull requests.

There's a few other repositories you might want to familiarize yourself with:

> - The source code for the **React Native website**, including the documentation, is located at <https://github.com/facebook/react-native-website>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **React Native website** contains the source code for the website, including the documentation, is located at <https://github.com/facebook/react-native-website>
```

- Consistency with the other 2 bullet points

- **Releases** are coordinated through the <https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-releases> repository. This includes important documents such as the Changelog.
- **Discussions** about the future of React Native take place in the <https://github.com/react-native-community/discussions-and-proposals> repository.

Browsing through these repositories should provide some insight into how the React Native open source project is managed.
<!-- END: Repositories. -->

<!-- START: GitHub Issues -->
# GitHub Issues

> We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Please ensure your description is clear and has sufficient instructions to be able to reproduce the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use GitHub issues to track bugs. Please ensure your description is clear and has sufficient instructions to be able to reproduce the issue.
```

## Security Bugs

Facebook has a [bounty program](https://www.facebook.com/whitehat/) for the safe disclosure of security bugs. In those cases, please go through the process outlined on that page and do not file a public issue.
<!-- END: GitHub Issues -->

# Helping with Documentation

The React Native documentation is hosted as part of the React Native website repository at https://github.com/facebook/react-native-website. The website itself is located at https://facebook.github.io/react-native and it is built using [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/). If there's anything you'd like to change in the docs, you can get started by clicking on the "Edit" button located on the upper right of most pages in the website.

If you are adding new functionality or introducing a change in behavior, we will ask you to update the documentation to reflect your changes.

> ## Contributing to the Blog

Reviewer: Are we looking to actively include external blog posts on the website?

Author: @cpojer might know

* If a method header doesn't fit on one line each argument goes on a separate line.
* 100 character line length

## Tests

> Tests help us prevent regressions from being introduced to the codebase. The GitHub repository is continuously tested using Circle and Appveyor, the results of which are available through the Checks functionality on [commits](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/commits/master) and pull requests. You can learn more about running and writing tests in the [Tests wiki](http://github.com/facebook/react-native/wiki/Tests).

Reviewer: Should this link to the nw testing doc as well?

Author: Which one is that?

Reviewer: Nvm, I see that's the wiki/Tests.md linked here 👌

<!-- END: Code Contributions -->

# Community Contributions

Contributions to React Native are not limited to GitHub. You can help others by sharing your experience using React Native, whether that is through blog posts, presenting talks at conferences, or simply sharing your thoughts on Twitter and tagging @ReactNative.

<!-- END: Community Contributions -->

<!-- START: Where to Get Help -->
# Where to Get Help

As you work on React Native, it is natural that sooner or later you may require help. In addition to the resources listed in [SUPPORT][support], people interested in contributing may take advantage of the following:

* **Twitter**. The React Native team at Facebook has its own account at [**@reactnative**][at-reactnative], and the React Native Community uses [**@reactnativecomm**][at-reactnativecomm]. If you are stuck, or need help contributing, please do not hesitate to reach out.

> * **Proposals Repository**. If you are considering working on a feature large in scope, consider [creating a proposal first][meta]. The community is highly willing to help you figure out the right approach, and we'd be happy to help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Proposals Repository**. If you are considering working on a feature large in scope, consider [creating a proposal first][meta]. The community can help you figure out the right approach, and we'd be happy to help.
```
